how's the new website working out for
you
well i met dave down the pub he said for
150 quid he do me a brand spanking new
website and get me to the top of google
what do you think
oh seems cheap how's it going so far
well the website looks a bit like a
potato but if you type in our actual
company name exactly we come up on page
one of google all right what about the
hundreds of thousands of people that
have never heard of your company that
might be searching for your product or
service
i didn't think about that
so tell me who's your target customer
anyone our product sells itself
hiya how can we help
why is that web choice
yeah what's prompted you to reach out
today you've been recommended as a lead
generation specialist i was just
wondering if you could help us out
please
yeah can you tell me a bit more about
the products or services you're offering
and a bit more about the average order
values you're dealing with oh great um
so we do specialist fireplaces
we can sell ice to the eskimos we just
need more leads we aren't getting enough
leads average order value between five
to 10k
okay so what kind of monthly ad spend
and marketing budget have you got in
mind budget um
well we thought you would take care of
that and we'd give you a cut on results
closed um
if you can do what you say you're gonna
do then then we thought we'd just give
you a percentage at the end
all right so our team's got to spend all
the time doing the research to planning
we've got design and build your website
we've got to set up all your ad
campaigns we've got to put in the ad
budget we've got to do the seo planning
the content creation the link building
and then you might send us a commission
if and when you sell something
uh
yep
yeah
no thanks
so tell me what are your seo plans
hi so we're a crm provider um i've had a
really good idea for an article um best
crm provider um if i could get that
article across to you can you get us to
page one of google next week
so on the whole revenue's been really
good the last quarter in terms of ads in
terms of the marketing we've done
but what's your plan what's your
marketing thoughts for the new year
well sales were down a bit last month so
i think we'll turn off the ads turn off
the marketing stop the seo
maybe cut down in all marketing
directions and save budget i think
hi i've got some important web updates
that need doing
sure go ahead i've read that if we put
all our products on the main banner and
change the call to action buttons purple
it'll increase our conversion rate by
12.7 percent
how many leads will that social post get
us
great stuff sam i really like the home
page design that you've given us uh
value at your expertise
i've just got a short list of a hundred
tweaks that need doing on that page and
then we're good to go
can we run a webinar on how great our
product is
yeah our interviewees here we'll have
two lattes please thank you
hi welcome nice to meet you
thanks for coming to this interview um
do you know anything about our company
first off
yeah i've done a little bit of research
into the organization how are you hoping
that i can help you guys here
so the role is um plentiful we need a
junior senior director of marketing
you're on facebook ads google ads
display ads retargeting and create all
our content videos update our site run
the webinars and the podcast and the
email list pretty easy for a marketing
ninja with five years experience do you
think
all right i thought this was a graduate
role
well yeah grads are very clever these
days
[Applause]
[Music]